README.md, before:

# TryHackMe Walkthroughs

Welcome to the TryHackMe Walkthroughs repository! This repo contains detailed walkthroughs for various challenges and rooms on TryHackMe, a platform for learning and practicing cybersecurity skills.

## Overview

This repository is designed to help beginners and intermediate users understand and solve TryHackMe challenges by providing step-by-step guides. Each walkthrough includes detailed explanations of the techniques and tools used, making it easier to follow along and learn.

## Contents

- [RootMe](https://github.com/rubalsxngh/TryHackMe_Walkthroughs/blob/master/RootMe.md): An easy difficulty CTF challenge that involves exploiting a file upload vulnerability to gain a reverse shell and performing privilege escalation on an executable Python binary.

- [SimpleCTF](https://github.com/rubalsxngh/TryHackMe_Walkthroughs/blob/master/SimpleCTF.md): An easy CTF challenge on TryHackMe, features an FTP anonymous login misconfiguration allowing unauthorized access without credentials. Exploited this to gain an FTP shell, discovered user mitch's file, executed SSH bruteforce, and achieved privilege escalation via vim.


More walkthroughs will be added soon!

Commit message:

added Intermediate_Nmap walthrough, updated ReadMe

README.md, after:

# TryHackMe Walkthroughs

Welcome to the TryHackMe Walkthroughs repository! This repo contains detailed walkthroughs for various challenges and rooms on TryHackMe, a platform for learning and practicing cybersecurity skills.

## Overview

This repository is designed to help beginners and intermediate users understand and solve TryHackMe challenges by providing step-by-step guides. Each walkthrough includes detailed explanations of the techniques and tools used, making it easier to follow along and learn.

## Contents

- [RootMe](https://github.com/rubalsxngh/TryHackMe_Walkthroughs/blob/master/RootMe.md): An easy difficulty CTF challenge that involves exploiting a file upload vulnerability to gain a reverse shell and performing privilege escalation on an executable Python binary.

- [SimpleCTF](https://github.com/rubalsxngh/TryHackMe_Walkthroughs/blob/master/SimpleCTF.md): An easy CTF challenge on TryHackMe, features an FTP anonymous login misconfiguration allowing unauthorized access without credentials. Exploited this to gain an FTP shell, discovered user mitch's file, executed SSH bruteforce, and achieved privilege escalation via vim.

- [Intermediate_Nmap](https://github.com/rubalsxngh/TryHackMe_Walkthroughs/blob/master/Intermediate_nmap.md): An easy difficulty CTF challenge on TryHackMe. This machine require nmap, netcat skills to gain the machine login username and password further ssh to capture the flag.

More walkthroughs will be added soon!
